we are going to cross live now to a
senior leader of Hamas who is speaking
now the lands and territories of Gaza
and all over the Palestinian ter
territories they have written the
history OFA flood they have put the
right beginning to eliminate the
occupation we need no more occupation to
our land s and
our this resistance in every single hour
in every single moment they go and they
hit everywhere in the heart of this
Zionist criminal
regime the Zionist regime didn't manage
despite the Army and the weapons to face
our brave men so the zist regime is now
committing this genocide burned land and
the attempts to relocate our people in
Gaza and the zist regime thinks that
these
crimes these brutal crimes B Bar crimes
committed by this regime will
eliminate the disgrace of being defeated
and of being
broken with the start of the Strategic
Kasam attack on the 7th of October but
no way this
attack will never eliminate all the
tools of Oppression and killing and the
political consequences security
consequences media consequences but I
can say that this Alam attack has put
end to this policy and to these
Zionist plans of this fascist government
in Israel against our prisoners against
our people in Gaza West Bank against the
Palestinian people
everywhere we will sort and resume the
strategy of Freedom with the help of
Allah
Almighty our enemy today is doing what
is doing with the support and I feel
sorry to say with the support of the
American Administration and some
European countries because they have
this double uh understanding and double
vision they are now going back by the
way but they still think that what is
being done by the zus regime the
psychologic I
War and the spreading papers and and
this here and
there to our people that our people will
relocate will immigrate will be
displaced but no way it's a dream the
people of Gaza are adhering to the lands
adhering to the Nations they will never
leave Gaza they will never immigrate
whatsoever done by you The Killers the
criminals we have only one line to
return back to our territories to our
houses to the land of our
grand parents it is not far away it's
within hands this attack the Strategic
attack Byam against you says that the
freedom and our return is very close
with the help of
Almighty that's why I a big salute to
our people in Gaza a big salute to those
with their blood with the fire are
facing the killing machine the B baric
Machine the fascist machine of the
Zionist regime they are adhering and
they are committed to their houses to
their mosks to their land marches
everywhere
yesterday under the threat of the war
planes to salute the resistance to
salute Alan brigades and to stress that
we are here we will stay here in our
nation as long as life is there this is
the stand and this is the situation that
should be mentioned in the in the honor
list of of the Palestinian people today
Gaza is facing the fire but still Gaza
is saying it's historic word Gaza is
placing the right place of the
Palestinians in their lands and the
Dignity of the Palestinians no
immigration from Gaza no relocation from
the West Bank no immigration from Gaza
to Egypt and here I need to appraise the
stand of our brothers in Egypt who are
confirming that Egypt is a sisterly
country and is a supporting country
Egypt welcomes the Sons and Daughters of
the Palestinian people but under no name
such as immigration or relocation I'm
telling my brothers in Egypt our
decision is to stay in our land that's
why your decision is our decision
and we will face the Zionist plans
supported by the US
Administration it will be a big failure
our stanfest and our unified stand and
our solidarity the Arab solidarity the
Islamic solidarity the world solidarity
from the free people all over the four
corners of the
world they talk about the civilians they
shed tears about the elderly and the
kids and the women and they are trying
by all means to not
to say the right word about what's going
on we belong to our religion we belong
to our
ethics and Hamas has always been Keen
not to Target the civili
not to Target the civilians despite
everything done by the Zionist regime
Hamas is part of this great nation Hamas
is a Freedom Movement that belongs to
these
ethics to these religion to these
ethics and what do you think about the
killing of civilians from the
Palestinian side
where are you when our children are
being killed massacres are being
committed in our lands the destruction
of all houses and homes what do you
think of the destruction and demolition
of the mosqu and the buildings and the
infrastructure what is your stand and
what is your position when you see the
Israelis killing not now before
different Nationals from different
countries Palestinians and other
citizenships from other countries on the
Palestinian territories that's why the
movement will never shake the movement
will never Shake Hamas will never Shake
in front of
these media machine that are only
telling lies and there are some of these
media Outlets are Absol by the Israeli
narrative but very soon they will
discover the reality because that is
senior Hamas leader is Han saying they
will never leave Gaza standing defiant
uh in the face of a potential imminent
uh attack from Israel which